politics in Israel right now is personal
and polarized the re-energized protests
against prime minister Benjamin
Netanyahu and his poor showing and
opinion polls are not entirely
new but with the ongoing war on Gaza the
political States life and death are
higher than ever and after months of
delay Israelis on Tuesday can react to
recent events at The Ballot Box in the
first municipal election since 2018
voters are choosing town councilors and
City Mayors in dozens of Israeli
municipalities municipality has
different issues I'm not among residents
we met in West Jerusalem some told us
local issues are their priority the
economic situation the housing housing
prices are really expensive others said
wider circumstances particularly the
plight of Israeli captives would affect
how they vote for the leg legislative I
vote for Li good and now I'm quite
disappointed because um I don't agree uh
what happen in Israel now in Municipal
elections candidates do not always
belong to a national party such as
netanyahu's L could though many still
draw support from
them for some local leaders any links to
L could could prove a liability on
Tuesday at The Ballot Box a lot of
candidates Mayors and new candidates
that are affiliated with the leud and
they want to compete and win in these
elections and just the mere fact that
they belong to the leud or supported by
the
leud might aect their political
future while at War the Israeli military
announced it will operate hundreds of
polling stations across the country
including several already open for
soldiers in Gaza to cast their ballot
but in Israeli communities near Gaza and
the border with Lebanon emptied by the
war there will be no chance to
vote while in occupied East Jerusalem
most Palestinians will boycott the
elections some Israelis in the west of
this troubled City recognize the
challenge that could create we have in
East Jerusalem many
problems and I think that if we won't
solve them them then um the entire
country will be
affected as with many places politics
here is often local but in Israel today
even local problems can impact National
politics and ultimately gain Global
significance too vill Marx AL jazer West
Jerusalem